a weapon of god this one
[Music]
there's gotta be a way to stop it yeah
the power of the ages can't be undone
built for defense fear but also attack
that little baby has the power to
produce lightning 100 million volts
worth would hold so I'm thinking that's
worse than static cling
lightning is just an electrical charge
is there a way to ground it hmm yes if I
use a polyphase alloy along with a non
conductive insulator we can temporarily
resist the flow of electricity thereby
disabling the ages I'm going to make a
cool pair of rubber gloves I've located
Atlanta on the GPS she's at the
mountaintop Archie how you feeling I'm
good let's do it you hairy Teresa and
Neal get over there fast
Odie and I will meet up with you Kronus
can destroy Atlanta and if we can't save
her it's game over
[Music]
you can run
the aegis is invincible you mortal will
soon tire and then you'll know the
meaning of what losing steam
[Music]
there's the chest come on oh we can't
get close enough we'll use this
[Music]
Archy I don't need wishful thinking or
is that talking
let loose a flood of despair and drive
the torrents of seething
[Music]
it's not raining where's that water
coming from
despair deucalion's chest must contain
the flood hurry
leave him to me
Theresa I'm coming down I'll help him
better take care of the check
J water conducts electricity if the
lattice nephew's without members be
aegis my killer
J Egypt and mine this is my time to be
the hero winning
[Music]
and I thought you were on the same team
that was close
hi guys I'm sorry about the Aegis Athena
the aegis can be fixed but you I know I
wish I could blame it all on that curse
but I guess I needed to be a hero too
badly what's going to happen to Atlanta
not a thing
she's feeling punishment enough no
snacking dinner will be ready shortly
what would have happened if I didn't
forgive me
probably best not to know